at the release of the Jordan shoe and
you told me what for the biggest sneaker
company in the world Nike now what
exactly do you do for them
I'm a Footwear product director so I
work on some of the lifestyle shoes and
collections that we bring to the market
and you said you were going to a couple
places after Barcelona yes such as
France what do you do while you're
traveling
market travel it's always good to meet
interesting people like yourself pick
your brains you know see what's going on
at retail and just get an idea of things
that we can get after and do better well
I know you've seen many shoes and what
is the most expensive shoe you've ever
seen oh I don't even know most expensive
shoe I guess there were a couple of Air
Force Ones right I've seen a lot we got
a lot of customised shoes that go for a
lot of money that I've seen out of
retail and you told me you were involved
in the early stages of BBC ice cream
yeah how sup yeah well those are dear
friends of mine and when they were
interested in launching this brand I
told them it was very it was something
that was definitely of interest for me
to be a part of obviously being in this
industry kind of growing up in this
whole culture it was a natural
transition for me to work with them and
be kind of the brand director and kind
of putting together the business plan
and the whole vision of what that brand
was setting compass from a footwear and
apparel standpoint so it was a great
opportunity great experience got to work
with friends and create a brand which
still to this day is a pretty pretty
special ring there's a terrible economy
right now I look around does it affect
Nike in any shape or form I think it
affects every business
I still think they're opportunities
after that we just have to do our best
job possible to deliver tools for the
market for people can you give us a
sneak peak of anything that's gonna
happen or I just got it nobody so I
don't have any profit but we got a lot
of cool stuff coming very proud of what
the team has done and are you going to
the Olympics as of right now
unfortunately not no I'd love to I mean
that's an experience of a lifetime I
mean one day I wanna be able to take my
kids to the Olympics I've heard that the
Nike campus is huge can you give us some
details about all its amazing place
beautiful place it definitely doesn't
make me feel like you're working which
is which is a true blessing inside we
take a lot for granted but it's it's
beautiful
I mean basketball court a swimming pool
a cafeteria I mean it's amazing it's a
really really great place and it just
helps people who work there to be even
more motivated and working it's great
well thank you for letting me ask you
these questions my motivation thank you
you and your family my motivation is
it's a beautiful thing what you guys do
I love your energy to see your father
with you like this is just tremendous so
it's my pleasure